Center for Entrepreneurship partners with Global Entrepreneurship Network from 2008. Aiming at making it easier for anyone, anywhere to start and scale a business.  

By fostering deeper cross-border collaboration and initiatives between entrepreneurs, investors, researchers, policymakers and entrepreneurial support organizations, GEN fuels healthier start and scale ecosystems that create more jobs, provide education, accelerate innovation, and strengthen economic growth.  

GEN’s comprehensive global footprint of national operations and global verticals in policy, research and programs ensures members have uncommon access to the most relevant knowledge, networks, communities, and programs relative to size of economy, maturity of ecosystem, language, culture, geography and more. 

Center for Entrepreneurship partners with Global Entrepreneurship Network in 2 key programs: Global Entrepreneurship Week and Startup Huddle


Parnership divides its efforts into four distinct categories:  

Celebrate: Programs, including Global Entrepreneurship Week, an awareness campaign engaging millions of people each November through thousands of events that celebrate entrepreneurs and inspire others – particularly those who face structural barriers or may have never considered the idea of launching a startup – to follow in their footsteps.  

Understand: Programs, including GEN Research, and other initiatives that compile, share, and analyze data related to new firm formation to better understand the underlying conditions that best enable entrepreneurs to thrive.  

Support: Programs that support entrepreneurs at all stages to reach their next phase of growth. These include: GEN Policy; GEN Invest; GEN Accelerates; GEN Campus; GEN Space; GEN Starters Club; Global Enterprise Registration; Startup Huddle; and the Entrepreneurship World Cup. 

Connect: Programs that strengthen local ecosystems around the world by connecting entrepreneurs, ecosystem builders and community leaders. These include the Global Entrepreneurship Congress, GEC+, the Startup Nations Summit and an expanding range of virtual programming.   