Center for Entrepreneurship has been implementing the growth programs for entrepreneurs since 2002.

Among them are two important programs: ScaleUp accelerator and Startup Club. 

Center for Entrepreneurship Accelerator program is a great way to scaleup and running quickly.
They provide expert guidance, mentorship, resources, and networking opportunities that can help your business reach its full potential. For entrepreneurs and startup founders, it’s important to understand what these programs are and how your company can benefit from them.

These programs offer access to experienced mentors who can guide your entrepreneurial and allow you to connect with like-minded people. This can open doors to new partnerships and collaborations that could take your business further than ever.

One of the Acceleration program for existing entrepreneurs ScaleUp
The ScaleUp accelerator is designed for 9 months , for active entrepreneurs with high growth potential undergo group training and practical training. The program includes 10 interactive training sessions, at least 10 networking events, at least 18 meetings with an individually selected mentor .

The program was developed by "Center for Entrepreneurship" based on the best international practices of creating similar programs. The goal of implementing the acceleration program in the regions is to develop the ecosystem of entrepreneurship and human capital of the region through the transfer of knowledge, experience and growth tools according to a specially developed methodology that combines successful international practice and the best Russian entrepreneurial experience.

The ScaleUp program is a comprehensive set of tools aimed at both increasing the individual business performance of participants and developing the local entrepreneurial ecosystem as a whole.

Program components:

Training: transfer of knowledge and applied tools, including interactive solution of practical problems using a special methodology
Experience exchange: mini-conferences bringing together entrepreneurs, professional service providers and investors to exchange experiences and information on business development issues. Expert sessions on problematic situations.
Mentoring: individual interaction between a student and an experienced entrepreneur-mentor, who shares theoretical knowledge with the mentee and helps solve practical problems
Interactive training is conducted in the following areas:

Strategic planning
Marketing
Digital Marketing
Sales management
Personnel Management
Management and leadership
Cash flow management
Finance for non-financiers
Attracting investments
Presentation to the investor

FOR WHOM
The ScaleUp acceleration program is designed specifically for existing entrepreneurs and provides applied tools to accelerate business growth. The program is implemented by the Entrepreneurship Center through a regional partner network and the involvement of the regional expert community interested in creating and maintaining an entrepreneurship ecosystem in the region. As part of the program, local mentors and coaches undergo special training.

In addition to the interests of business owners, the program responds to requests from government officials and support organizations regarding the development of the region as a whole.

Thus, the ScaleUp program unites the interests of entrepreneurs, mentors, coaches, regional partners, the expert community , thereby stimulating the active development of the local entrepreneurial ecosystem .


BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM


access to the entrepreneurial best practices and knowledge;
gaining the knowledge and applied skills necessary for rapid business growth;
personal growth of an entrepreneur through interaction with an experienced mentor;
long-term support from more experienced entrepreneurs;
business growth;
expanding contacts with business organizations and the expert community at the state, federal and international levels;
involvement in international entrepreneurial initiatives.

