Center for Entrepreneurship empowers partners and universities to integrate entrepreneurial education across curricula and equip students with the skills, connections, credentials, and real-world experiences needed to lead change and own their futures through entrepreneurship.

Center for Entrepreneurship has been implementing the Dynamic Entrepreneurship Classroom (DEC) program since 2006, more than 500 teachers from higher education institutions from 18 cities have taken part in the program. DEC has a great influence on the promotion of entrepreneurship education in universities 
. Thanks to the program, more than 80 new programs and entrepreneurial initiatives have appeared in more than 30 universities. DEC is a training program in the format of a three- or five-day seminar with the participation of leading experts in the field of teaching entrepreneurship from Russia, Europe and the USA, providing university teachers with an introduction to methods of teaching entrepreneurship as a discipline, focused on developing the practical and business skills of future entrepreneurs.

DEC provides participants with pedagogical content and teaching methods, and also helps to hone their teaching skills. The training is implemented on three key topics:
- why do we teach entrepreneurship?
- what do we teach in entrepreneurship?
- how do we teach entrepreneurship?

 Raymond Smilor	was the key partner for developing and runnging DEC with for Center for Entrepreneurship has been implementing the program since 2006, more than 500 teachers from higher education institutions from 18 cities have taken part in the program. DEC has a great influence on the promotion of entrepreneurship education in universities 
Professor at the Neeley School of Business at the University of Texas.	Professor of Entrepreneurship and Academic Director of the Entrepreneurship Program at the University of Florida College of Business Administration.	Professor of the Department of Strategic and International Management, Graduate School of Management, St. Petersburg State University, Director of the Center for Entrepreneurship, Graduate School of Management, St. Petersburg State University.


The program is designed specifically for teachers of higher education institutions, as well as for representatives of higher education and organizations involved in the development of entrepreneurship education standards and its implementation in the educational program.
   
DEC is aimed at:
assisting those beginning to teach entrepreneurship, including practicing entrepreneurs, in mastering the most effective teaching techniques;
providing the opportunity to develop a new course program on entrepreneurship with the assistance of experienced experts;
the opportunity to learn from the experience of those who came to entrepreneurship training from other fields of activity, as well as to share experiences with colleagues;
introduction to a range of truly creative and highly effective teaching approaches that are practice-oriented and include case studies, working with business plans, and inviting practicing entrepreneurs into the classroom;
use of the proposed simple but effective structure for organizing an entrepreneurship course;
exchange ideas on specific issues in entrepreneurship education: where to start a class, how to develop a creative mentoring program, the content of an entrepreneurship curriculum, and much more.



BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM

Teachers of higher education institutions:
new knowledge; mastering successful methods of teaching entrepreneurship as a discipline, aimed at developing the practical skills of future entrepreneurs;
improving personal qualifications and status;
networking, exchange of experience.
Higher education institutions
prestige and authority of the university in the region, development of the teaching staff;
competitive advantages, attracting active youth and authoritative teachers;
engaging successful entrepreneurs as mentors and experts
DEC provides teachers with unique content and competencies that contribute to the formation of a full-fledged scientific discipline. The entrepreneurship course includes: theory and practice, recognition and assessment of opportunities, effective use of resources, innovation and research.

DEC answers the question of how to teach entrepreneurship through a focus on practical experience , how to allow students to realize their entrepreneurial abilities and talents, testing the acquired knowledge in practice .

