Center for Entrepreneurshiphas been implementing the entrepreneurship ecosystmes programs for entrepreneurs since 2002.

Among them are 3 important ones: ScaleUp accelerator for existing entreprenuers, Startup Club for new entrepreneurs and Dynamic Entrepreneurship Classroom 


Accelerator programs are a great way to scaleup and running quickly.
They provide expert guidance, mentorship, resources, and networking opportunities that can help your business reach its full potential. For entrepreneurs and startup founders, it’s important to understand what these programs are and how your company can benefit from them.

These programs offer access to experienced mentors who can guide your entrepreneurial and allow you to connect with like-minded people. This can open doors to new partnerships and collaborations that could take your business further than ever.

One of the Acceleration program for existing entrepreneurs ScaleUp
The ScaleUp accelerator is designed for 9 months , for active entrepreneurs with high growth potential undergo group training and practical training. The program includes 10 interactive training sessions, at least 10 networking events, at least 18 meetings with an individually selected mentor .

The program was developed by "Center for Entrepreneurship" based on the best international practices of creating similar programs. The goal of implementing the acceleration program in the regions is to develop the ecosystem of entrepreneurship and human capital of the region through the transfer of knowledge, experience and growth tools according to a specially developed methodology that combines successful international practice and the best Russian entrepreneurial experience.

The ScaleUp program is a comprehensive set of tools aimed at both increasing the individual business performance of participants and developing the local entrepreneurial ecosystem as a whole.

Program components:

Training: transfer of knowledge and applied tools, including interactive solution of practical problems using a special methodology
Experience exchange: mini-conferences bringing together entrepreneurs, professional service providers and investors to exchange experiences and information on business development issues. Expert sessions on problematic situations.
Mentoring: individual interaction between a student and an experienced entrepreneur-mentor, who shares theoretical knowledge with the mentee and helps solve practical problems
Interactive training is conducted in the following areas:


FOR WHOM
The ScaleUp acceleration program is designed specifically for existing entrepreneurs and provides applied tools to accelerate business growth. The program is implemented by the Entrepreneurship Center through a regional partner network and the involvement of the regional expert community interested in creating and maintaining an entrepreneurship ecosystem in the region. As part of the program, local mentors and coaches undergo special training.

In addition to the interests of business owners, the program responds to requests from government officials and support organizations regarding the development of the region as a whole.

Thus, the ScaleUp program unites the interests of entrepreneurs, mentors, coaches, regional partners, the expert community and government bodies, thereby stimulating the active development of the local entrepreneurial ecosystem .


BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM

Benefits for entrepreneurs

multilateral exchange of entrepreneurial experience with representatives of the local entrepreneurship ecosystem;
gaining the knowledge and applied skills necessary for rapid business growth;
personal growth of an entrepreneur through interaction with an experienced mentor;
long-term support from more experienced entrepreneurs;
business growth;
expanding contacts with business organizations and the expert community at the regional, federal and international levels;
involvement in international entrepreneurial initiatives.
Mentors and experts

the opportunity to re-evaluate your own business experience;
synergy of the results of the mentor and the mentee, new ideas;
improving one’s own entrepreneurial competencies;
influence on the development of the entrepreneurship ecosystem in your region;
expanding the network of business contacts.
Trainers

training in modern international methodology of working with entrepreneurs;
exchange of experience and knowledge with other trainers and the expert community;
expanding your professional portfolio and circle of contacts.
Regional partners

competitive advantages – the program is unique in its quality and comprehensive approach;
new connections at the federal and international levels.
Local authorities and development organizations

development of the entrepreneurial community in the region and the region as a whole;
Entrepreneurs in the region receive growth tools every year, increasing the number of jobs, the efficiency of their business and the number of new projects;
participants in the entrepreneurial ecosystem receive an effective tool for interaction;
conditions are being created for the development of human capital and the growth of the volume of investments attracted to the region.


Center for Entrepreneurship' Dynamic Entrepreneurship Classroom empowers partners and universities to integrate entrepreneurial education across curricula and equip students with the skills, connections, credentials, and real-world experiences needed to lead change and own their futures through entrepreneurship.

Center for Entrepreneurship has been implementing the Dynamic Entrepreneurship Classroom (DEC) program since 2006, more than 500 teachers from higher education institutions from 18 cities have taken part in the program. DEC has a great influence on the promotion of entrepreneurship education in universities 
. Thanks to the program, more than 80 new programs and entrepreneurial initiatives have appeared in more than 30 universities. DEC is a training program in the format of a three- or five-day seminar with the participation of leading experts in the field of teaching entrepreneurship from Russia, Europe and the USA, providing university teachers with an introduction to methods of teaching entrepreneurship as a discipline, focused on developing the practical and business skills of future entrepreneurs.

DEC provides participants with pedagogical content and teaching methods, and also helps to hone their teaching skills. The training is implemented on three key topics:
- why do we teach entrepreneurship?
- what do we teach in entrepreneurship?
- how do we teach entrepreneurship?
With the comprehensive interaction of all parties involved in the implementation of the ScaleUp acceleration program , a full-fledged entrepreneurship ecosystem is developing in the region , ensuring the growth of well-being and the achievement of the goals of each participant in the ecosystem.