you’re probably wondering: Can you learn to be an entrepreneur?

We firmly believe that you can! Starting a business isn’t limited to people with a natural talent for leadership or making good investments. Through access to entrepreneurship programs and regular engagement with a community of peers, anyone can build a successful company.

You can look for entrepreneurial skills are most important and what to look for in a startup learning community. Or you can
take the program that is right for you. 
Center for Entrepreprenuership provides the learning programs for new entrepreneurs since 2002. 

For those who wants to start the own business the Center provides the the programs like FastTrac or StartUp Club will guide you and provide the nessessary knowledge.
Gain comprehensive knowledge and skills for venture creation and growth. You will have access to content, templates, and tools as you progress through modules that mirror the entrepreneurial journey. By the end of the course, you will have developed and refined your entrepreneurial vision into a thoroughly researched and tested business plan.

IDEATE
Get started making your idea a reality and exploring the journey of becoming an entrepreneur.


POSITION
Position your idea in the market, understand your customers, and solidify your business model.


COMMIT
Commit to reaching your market, making a sale, and protecting your business.


REFINE
Perfect your strategy before launch and make sure your finances are in order.


LAUNCH
Plan for launching, leading, and growing your business.
Center for Entrepreprenuership equips aspiring entrepreneurs with the business skills and insights, tools, resources, and peer networks necessary to start and grow successful businesses.

Let us help you clear the path from idea to business start. 


For universities that want to teach the entrepreneursion Center for Entrepreneurship has been implementing the Dynamic Entrepreneurship Classroom (DEC) program since 2006, more than 500 teachers from higher education institutions from 18 cities have taken part in the program. DEC has a great influence on the promotion of entrepreneurship education in universities 
. Thanks to the program, more than 80 new programs and entrepreneurial initiatives have appeared in more than 30 universities. DEC is a training program in the format of a three- or five-day seminar with the participation of leading experts in the field of teaching entrepreneurship from Russia, Europe and the USA, providing university teachers with an introduction to methods of teaching entrepreneurship as a discipline, focused on developing the practical and business skills of future entrepreneurs.

DEC provides participants with pedagogical content and teaching methods, and also helps to hone their teaching skills. The training is implemented on three key topics:
- why do we teach entrepreneurship?
- what do we teach in entrepreneurship?
- how do we teach entrepreneurship?
