G20 Young Entrepreneurs' Alliance Summit, G20 YEA Summit
The Summit is the leading international event for young entrepreneurs , annually bringing together more than 400 entrepreneurs from G20 countries in the country holding the G20 Presidency to develop international business cooperation and continue dialogue on key aspects of entrepreneurship development as a key means of stimulating economic growth.

Based on the results of the summit, a Final Communiqué is adopted, addressed to the heads of state of the G20 and containing recommendations on priority measures to stimulate entrepreneurial initiative and create conditions for the development of small and medium-sized businesses in new technological and socio-economic realities.

The greatest value for the participants – young entrepreneurs – is informal communication with colleagues from the G20 countries, which allows them not only to get acquainted with new business models and industry trends, but also to find potential suppliers, clients or partners, meet like-minded people, and develop new ideas.

The Center for Entrepreneurship was the organizer of the summit is the G20 Young Entrepreneurs' Alliance (G20 YEA), 
which unites leading organizations in the field of entrepreneurship development in the G20 countries. 
The Center for Entrepreneurship is a co-founder of the G20 YEA, coordinates the work of the delegation at the summit ,
 and was responsible for holding the Alliance's summit in 2013. The recommendations of the final communiqué of the G20 YEA summit 
regarding promoting youth employment were included in the Declaration of the G20 leaders.

FOR WHOM

The G20 Alliance Summit is a platform that unites the goals, interests, experience, knowledge and initiatives of young entrepreneurs from the world's largest economies, organizations interested in developing entrepreneurship at the national and international levels, representatives of government bodies, development institutions, and international experts.

BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM

Young entrepreneurs (under 40):

communication, exchange of experience and cooperation with colleagues from other countries;
study of best world practices;
promoting your business, access to international markets and know-how;
participation in the development of a communiqué addressed to G20 leaders with recommendations for the development of entrepreneurship.
Entrepreneurial associations and organizations interested in developing a culture of entrepreneurship:

promotion and popularization of entrepreneurship;
integration into the international community;
enhancing the organization's image;
exchange of best practices and experience in the development and implementation of entrepreneurship development programs.
Representatives of government bodies and development institutions:

strengthening international economic ties;
new approaches and tools for economic development;
innovative proposals to stimulate entrepreneurial initiative.