GLOBAL Entrepreneurship WEEK. Global Entrepreneurship Week is a celebration of innovators who dream big and launch startups that bring ideas to life. GEW reaches millions of people of all ages and backgrounds through local, national and global events and activities. During one week each November, partners around the world hold events and competitions to celebrate and support local entrepreneurs.

About Global Entrepreneurship Week
10 million people. 40,000 activities. 200 countries.
One week. Removing barriers + empowering all.

Center for Entrepreneurship is the key organiser of GEW since 2008.
Center for Entrepreneurship organized various events in 70+ cities
250+ organizers
700+ events
250,000 participants

Center for Entrepreneurship has partnered with key entrepreneurial organizations, accellerators in this activitives. 

Tell us about events you have planned during November and use GEW to extend your reach to new audiences and strengthen the connections in your local ecosystem. Add your event to the global database.

Global Entrepreneurship Week is a massive campaign to celebrate and empower entrepreneurs in every country and community around the world – especially those individuals who face structural barriers or may have never considered the idea of launching a startup. Each November, 10 million people take part in tens of thousands of activities, competitions and events that inspire them to act and provide them with the knowledge, experience and connections they need to succeed.

Global Entrepreneurship Week reaches beyond high-tech startup hubs like Silicon Valley, London and Shanghai. It envisions one entrepreneurial ecosystem open to all, including smaller cities in emerging economies and under-represented communities, whether systemically marginalized, geographically hard-to-reach or otherwise pushed aside or left out. National campaigns are driven by local event organizers who plan activities tailored to their community’s needs. Activities can range from small, local gatherings to massive international competitions – or anything in between.

While GEW only takes place one week each year, the connections made are long-lasting. The campaign serves as an opportunity to collaborate and engage with organizations and individuals to celebrate and spotlight entrepreneurs, expose people to the path of entrepreneurship, help them get started and facilitate access to capital and the resources to grow.

Global Entrepreneurship Week is powered by the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation and supported by a range of strategic partners including corporate sponsors like FedEx, entrepreneurship support organizations like Endeavor Global and JA Worldwide, a diverse collection of national host organizations and 25,000 local event organizers.
